Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Today, I’ll be playing "Furare Kaihi"!
(Break-Up Dodge)
There's only 2 stages left!
I’ll keep advancing until the 10th stage!
In that case, let’s start at once!
Man, I wonder what kind of ridiculousness is waiting for me in this occasion
*9th Stage: Betrayal*
"Betrayal"!
"You’re 100 times more adorable than that actress ♥"
Of course not!
*GF: In that case, should I become an actress? ♥*
"In that case, should I become..."
These two are incredible
*BF: You can’t ♥ After all, I’m the only one allowed to kiss you ♥*
BF...
*laughs*
*inhales*
Come on, kiss her at once
*GF: Oh, BF... ♥*
*BF: I’ll go shower ♥*
Ah, he’s going to go kiss someone!
*GFF: I love you too ♥*
He ruined it, he doesn’t take it seriously, does he?
*BF: I forgot my pho... I mean, I forgot to give you a kiss...*
*GF: …I need you to explain to me about something*
Yes!
Eh, let’s see...
Well, it turns out, that...
*GF: What does this message mean?*
To tell you the truth, I did this last time, but...
I wasn’t able to clear it...
So then I plan to play the rematch
Well...
"Don’t you believe in me?"
*BF: Don’t you trust me?*
Of course
*GF: It’s not about whether I trust you or not, it’s about the message*
"With "I love you too ♥", it wouldn’t refer to me in particular"
*BF: With "I love you too ♥", it wouldn’t refer to me in particular"
*GF: Then who was she referring to with the message "I love you too ♥"?*
But in this case, if she opens the message, I’ll be done for, right?
Eeehh...
Is it the alpaca?
*BF: "I love you too (alpaca) ♥", I think she was referring to alpacas*
Ah! Oh! Oh?
*GF: It’s true, she does like alpacas, I see*
Oh! Eh?
*GF: Did you just do a victory pose?*
Why are you doing a victory pose?!
Aaaahhh!
"Let me see your LIME"
*GF: Let me see your LIME*
I already answered both before
"I’m sorry, I should go to the bathroom..."
"Leave the cellphone here"
*GF: Leave the cellphone here*
"Leave" Mmm...
*BF: O-of course!*
*BF: I’m sure the phone is locked, so then I’m not worried that she can check it*
"I’ll go to the room to think"
Oh!
You know...
Now I can check the messages from the laptop
*BF: I got it!*
Ah, look! I did it!
*GFF: I love you too ♥*
*BF: I’ll contact GFF over LIME from my laptop to ask for help*
Her LIME messages will go to my cellphone, right?
*I want you to send a message saying: “You really love your girlfriend, right? ♥"*
*Could you call my girlfriend urgently?*
Eeeehh? "Could you call my girlfriend...?"
I suppose I’ll choose this
*Could you call my girlfriend urgently?*
*GFF: Did she find out about us?*
Aaaaahhhh!
I’m sure that already got sent to the pho...!
Aaaahhhh!
*inhales*
*GFF: Did she find out about us?*
You’re an idiot!
*footstep noises*
I’m done for
*GF: You damn treacherous bastard*
I’m sorry, really
Let’s return to the last choice!
*Excuse Failed*
"You really love your girlfriend, right? ♥"
Yes, I’ll choose this, mmm...
*I want you to send a message saying: “You really love your girlfriend, right? ♥"*
*GFF: You really love your girlfriend, right? ♥*
Ah! Ah! Did I get it?
Ooohh!
Oh?
Oh! I did it! I did it! I did it!
*BF: Oh, I’m sorry for making you wait*
*GF: You were being affectionate with me, right?*
Of course
Wasn’t it obvious?
*BF: That’s right, I hid it because I felt ashamed, I’m very sorry*
*GF: Yes, you make me very happy... ♥♥*
I did it! I did it very... very fast!
It was to be expected
I can definitely comprehend...
A woman’s heart, right?
Good!
*10th Stage: Betrayal 2*
In that case, I’ll start with the last level!
Hoi!
Aahhh...
*BF: The fresh pasta here is delicious*
"The fresh pasta here..."
"Is delicious" Eh?
*GFF: Hehe... I’m happy that you brought me here ♥*
Hadn’t he gone to a store that served delicious pasta?
It’s not the same store
"Ah, I can’t wait any longer"
*BF: Ah, I can’t wait any longer*
*GFF: Man, you really are that hungry?*
*BF: I wasn’t referring to that*
AAAHHH! THAT’S NASTY! REALLY!
*BF: What I can’t wait for, is to kiss you*
AAAHHH!
Not only are your words nasty, your actions are too!
This... why do they do this?!
Aaaahh! That behind them is dangerous!
I like your face
"What are you doing?"
*GF: What are you doing?*
"Please forgive me!!! I’ll do what you ask!!!"
*BF: Please forgive me!!! I’ll do what you ask!!!*
I’m sorry
*GF: No, I won’t forgive you*
"I didn’t have a choice"
*BF: I didn’t have a choice*
*GFF: Man... Did you really dislike kissing me that much?*
Aaahh...
"I didn’t dislike it"
*BF: I didn’t dislike it*
*GF: Ah? Was it not that you didn’t have a choice? Damn demon*
Ah
It’s true
Well, that turned out like I expected
Well, you know, I was just warming up
Right?
*GF: What are you doing?*
"Mmm? We’re eating, eating"
Eating!
*BF: Mmm? We’re eating, eating*
*GF: That wasn’t the only thing you were doing, right?*
"Yes, it wasn’t the only thing we were doing"
*BF: Yes, it wasn’t the only thing we were doing*
*GF: Are you admitting that you both were kissing?*
"You’re mistaken!"
*BF: You’re mistaken!*
You’re mistaken!
*GF: In that case... *
Well...
*GF: What were you doing?*
Went back to the start, right?
"Eh? We weren’t doing anything" Mmm?
*BF: Eh? We weren’t doing anything*
*GF: No! You both were about to kiss!*
That was a prank!
*BF: That was a prank!*
"We surprised you!!!" ♪ Te, te, reen ♪
*BF: We surprised you!!!*
*GF: Heavens, don’t scare me like that, BF!!!*
*GF: Did you think I’d say something like that?*
*GF: I won’t settle with that being a prank, our relationship is over*
I’m very sorry
Mmm...
*GF: What were you doing?*
"Eating!"
"We were eating"
*BF: Mmm? We’re eating, eating*
*GF: That wasn’t the only thing you were doing, right?*
"We were about to call you!"
*BF: We were about to call you!*
*GF: Just now?*
*BF: It’s about to arrive...*
"Ah?" What’s about to arrive?
*GF: Ah?*
Is it her birthday?
*Customer 1: Eh? It can’t be!  It’s for me!?*
*Customer 2: Congratulations ♥ Come, blow out the candle ♥*
It’s not that...
*Customer  2: Congratulations ♥ Come, blow out the candle ♥*
*BF: It looks like that person is celebrating their birthday!*
It’s not that
*GF: Want me to blow out the candle of your life?*
It’s true
Well, it’s probably not good for you to blow the candle of his life
*GF: What are you doing?*
"Please forgive me!!! I’ll do what you ask!!!"
Well...
*GF: No, I won’t forgive you*
"We didn’t kiss yet!!!"
*BF: We didn’t kiss yet!!!*
"Holding"
*GF: But you two were holding hands*
"I won’t hold them anymore!!!"
*BF: I won’t hold them anymore!!!*
*GF: Even if you say that, I’m sure you’ll see her again*
"I won’t see her again!!!"
*BF: I won’t see her again!!!*
*GF: I don’t believe you*
"Look, I deleted her from LIME!"
*BF: Look, I deleted her from LIME!*
But then...
*GF: You could re-add her at any moment*
Don’t you feel pity for the girlfriend behind him?
Isn’t she your girlfriend?
"You could re-add her at any moment"
Ouch!
*BF: Well, I broke it!*
"You like her, right?"
*GF: Even then, you like her, right?*
"Well, now I hate her! I don’t want to touch her! Don’t get any closer to me!"
*BF: Well, now I hate her! I don’t want to touch her! Don’t get any closer to me!*
That’s way too rude...
"Can you forgive me?"
*BF: Can you... forgive me?*
I think so!
Oh!
*GF: Good, I’ll forgive you, although I won’t see you again!*
Well, she’s in the right, isn’t she?
Eh? But this was the correct one
It’s correct for the girl
Absolutely correct
"Eh? We weren’t doing anything"
*GF: What were you doing?*
*BF: Eh? We weren’t doing anything*
*GF: No! You two were about to kiss!*
"No, no, no, no, no, you’re mistaken!"
No!
*BF: No, no, no, no, no, you’re mistaken!*
*GFF: Eh? Wasn’t it a kiss?
It wasn’t a kiss! It wasn’t a kiss!
*BF: No, no, no, it wasn’t a kiss!!*
*BF: I don’t do that kind of stuff in public
"Your faces were nearly glued"
*GF: Ah? But your faces were nearly glued*
Nearly glued *laughs*
"Examining..."
Mmm...
I suppose she was examining his bad breath
*BF: D-don’t be ridiculous! She was checking my bad breath*
BF: I wouldn’t want bad breath when I kiss you*
I see
*BF: I asked your friend for the favor*
"Now that you say it, well..." Will she say that it stinks?
*GFF: Now that you say it, well...*
*BF: Eh?*
*GF: So then you have bad breath even though you usually replace the toothbrush right after?*
Ah!
*GFF: A guy with bad breath is something...*
*GF: Yes...*
Aahhh...
What was the saying? "If you run after two hares, you will catch neither"?
Although I feel it’s not quite like that
*I was right*
Eh? That’s enough, that’s enough!
You’re so annoying, that’s enough
*GF: What are you doing?*
I don’t want to turn into a man like him!
"I’ll do what you ask!!!"
*BF: Please forgive me!!! I’ll do what you ask!!!*
*GF: No, I won’t forgive you*
"She wasn’t about to kiss me, but instead another one of my personalities"
Whatever, I’ll choose this
*GF: This is the first time I’ve heard of you having multiple personalities*
"Guaaahh!!"
*Guaah!! Another personality is taking possession of me!!*
"Another personality..."
Changing!
*BF: Nice to meet you, miss, who are you?*
He’s way too forced
"Nice to meet you, miss, who are you?"
*GF: Nice to meet you, I’m BF’s ex-girlfriend*
That was way too forced
Let’s return to the last choice
"I didn’t want..." Right?
*I hid it because I didn’t want to worry you, I have 4 different personalities in total*
I definitely didn’t want to worry you, it’s that
*BF: I hid it because I didn’t want to worry you, I have 4 different personalities in total*
*BF: Yuuki, the careless*
"Yuuki, the careless"
"Masaki, the serious"
*BF: Masaki, the serious*
"Yoshiki, the carefree"!
*BF: Yoshiki, the carefree*
"And lastly..." Hah! She has a point
*GF: And lastly, BF, the treacherous, right?*
"What are you doing?" That’s enough!
*GF: What are you doing?*
"Eating"!
*Ouch!*
*GF: Are you betraying me with my friend!? Don’t you feel that that’s wrong?*
*BF: What was wrong is that you presented her to me*
*GF: Are you saying it’s my fault!?
Hehehe...
I’ll choose this option
*It’s God’s fault, causing mischief by moving the gears of destiny ☆*
"It’s God’s fault"
*BF: It’s God’s fault, causing mischief by moving the gears of destiny ☆*
*GF: Well, here goes my greeting to God*
Aaahhh, that hurt
That was very...
Very beautiful, right?
Eeeeehhhh?
"What are you doing?"
*GF: What are you doing?*
"Please forgive me!!! I’ll do what you ask!!!"
I'm tired
*BF: Please forgive me!!! I’ll do what you ask!!!*
*GF: No, I won’t forgive you
Eeeehh...
"I didn’t have a choice"!
*BF: I didn’t have a choice*
*GFF: Man... Did you really dislike kissing me that much?*
"Yes, that’s right"
*BF: Yes, that’s right*
"What do you mean...?"
*GF: What do you mean you didn’t have a choice?*
"It was just an impulse, you’re the only one in my heart"
*BF: It was just an impulse, you’re the only one in my heart*
*GF: Well, for me, there’s no-one*
It’s true...
Yes, I understand
She’s in the right, absolutely right
"Please forgive me!!!" Really!
*BF: Please forgive me!!! I’ll do what you ask!!!*
*GF: No, I won’t forgive you*
"I didn’t have a choice"
*BF: I didn’t have a choice*
*GFF: Man... Did you really dislike kissing me that much?*
"Yes, that’s right"
I didn’t like it
Well...
"It’s a new law for combating the low birth rate"
*GF: What do you mean you didn’t have a choice?*
You know, there isn’t enough kids in Japan
It’s for that, that...
*BF: I’m the first one to enroll in the “Protection Law for the unfaithful*
*BF: It’s for that, that I should experiment with betrayal*
That’s a lie, right?
*GF: Want me to hit you with a six legislature letter?*
Ah, someone save me, please
I’ll do what you ask! Really!
*GF: What are you doing?*
*BF: Eh? We weren’t doing anything*
"About to kiss"
*GF: No! You both were about to kiss!*
About to kiss...
There were more options in the "No, no..." option, right?
"No, no..."
*GFF: Eh? It wasn’t a kiss?
"We were kissing"
Eh? But saying that we were kissing now is...
Dangerous, so then...
*BF: No, no, no, it wasn’t a kiss!!*
"It wasn’t a kiss"
*BF: I don’t do that kind of stuff in public*
"Nearly glued"
*GF: Ah? But your faces were nearly glued*
Eeehh?
I don’t understand the option of using her like a mirror, so then...
I suppose I’ll choose the option that says "directly"
*BF: You didn’t see it directly, right?*
"You didn’t see it directly, right?"
"I saw it all..."
*GF: Don’t be stupid, I saw it all with my own eyes*
"Without blinking once?"
What can occur in a blink?
"Through a glass window"
Even then through a window...
Whatever
*BF: You've seen us through a window, right?*
*BF: This glass is somewhat curved*
Ah, it's somewhat curved, right?
Ah, I see!
*BF: Wasn't it the refraction of the light that made us look like we were kissing?*
*GF: But I'm sure that you guys were holding hands*
It's possible!
The hands!  Ahhh...
*GF: But I'm sure that you guys were holding hands*
*BF: You're mistaken! It was 2 millimeters above it!*
"2 millimeters above it"
*GFF: BF's hands are so warm ♥*
Why do you talk more than you need to?
*GF: ...*
Eeeeh?
"I only touched them a little!"
*BF: I only touched them a little!*
*GF: I don't care how long it was for*
*GF: Even if it was a little, you're a damn treacherous slug*
Aaahhh...
So then he's a slug?
*GF: But I'm sure that you guys were holding hands*
*BF: You're mistaken! It was 2 millimeters above it!*
*GFF: BF's hands are so warm ♥*
"Don't touch her hands!"
*BF: Don't touch them!!!*
*BF: Can't you feel the warmth like a hot pot having your hands close to her?*
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
*BF: That's what happened!!! She could feel my warmth without touching me!*
"She could feel my warmth without touching me!"
*GF: Why was it so necessary to have your hands so close?*
Well...
Mmm?
Ah, isn't this option good?
*There was a damp towel near her hand and I did it by accidentally*
If he did it accidentally, it's not his fault
*BF: There was a damp towel near her hand and I did it by accidentally*
*GF: Assuming that you two didn't kiss or touched hands...*
Aaahhh... well, it turns out that...
*GF: What reason is there for you two dining alone in this place?*
"There exists... a reason!!!"
Really exists...
*BF: No, there's a reason!!!*
A reason...
A blackout!
*Customer 1: What just happened? A blackout?*
*Employee: I'm very sorry, we'll take care of it immediately*
Eh? A blackout?
*BF: A blackout...*
"This is my chance!"
*BF: This is my chance!*
No, running away will be a problem in the future, so then...
"Hold GF's hand and try to flee"
Oh, how great!
*GF: Eh? Wait, BF! Where are you taking me?*
Will you corner her against the wall?
The sea!
*GF: Why did you bring me to here?*
Maybe he’ll propose?
*GF: Are you out of excuses now?*
"Are you out of excuses now?", well...
*BF: ...*
Eh...
*GF: ...*
*GF: You could've disappeared without saying anything*
"You could've..." Aaah!
Aaaahhh!
*GF: Why didn't you?*
Man, I think that...
Ah, man, there really isn't an answer for women
*BF: I...!*
*BF: After so many fights, after so many insistences, I did it to convince you*
No, really, I don't understand what just happened
How do I say it...?
When they use a sentimental argument...
Well, you know...
They end up accepting something incomprehensible...
Women fall in love with that, right?
They're really dumb
*BF: If I don't have you with me, I'm nothing*
"If I don't have you with me, I'm nothing..." but if I don't have the others, I'm also nothing, or something like that?
*GF: ...*
*BF: For that...*
*GF: You won't do it again, right?*
HEAVENS, WOMEN REALLY ARE IDIOTS!
"One month later"
"Mouse World" doesn’t sound good
*GF: Hey, BF, let’s go to “Mouse World”!*
"It’s not necessary to go..."
*BF: Eeeh? It’s not necessary to go so far away...*
"Then should we go eat fresh pasta?"
*GF: Then should we go eat fresh pasta?*
*BF: Wah!! Mouse World sounds like a lot of fun ♪*
Ah, I see
*Since then, my GF has turned into a formidable person*
"Turned into a formidable person"
*Although I won’t let myself give up ☆*
Man! That’s not good!
"Although I won’t let myself give up"!
Meh!
Mmm?
I can only use the laptop
*GFF: Were you able to make up with your girlfriend?
BF: Yes, tripping the circuit breaker was a great move ♥*
Aaaaahhh!
*12th Stage: Betrayal 2*
*Excuse Clear*
Tripped the circuit breaker!?
That’s dangerous, right?
Normally that’d cause a lot of trouble...
Man, so then relationships between human beings are like this?
From now on, I play to study a lot more about all of you guys!
This was Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Translated by Vortex